What are you doing here?
How did you find it?
I was just there when your car rushed out of the villa
Then why didn't you save him?
He was so dangerous
Asked me to risk my life to save him
And isn't he fine now?
He is fine now
Just be fine
Okay.
I know you approached him for resources
But you won't fall in love with him now
Do you think I just fell in love with him now?
Me
I fell in love with him ten years ago
This is him 10 years ago.
He was ten years ago
Save me from the fire
Quit my job and go to other schools
His ugly duckling
Fall in love with him every day
The ugly duckling falls in love with the big bad wolf
Does he know?
How could he possibly know?
He just treats me as an optional toy hum
I can't make it either.
I had to protect myself.
Yeah, the rescue money.
Your last dignity
Didn't get his heart
Instead, it stole my heart
Everything is in the room and no one is there